The Joe Rogan experience. The last time I saw you.
I don't think the Pentagon had come out because it was actually during the
pandemic where the Pentagon came out.
I don't think we talked about this last time. Did we? I don't think so.
Where they said they've recovered alien crafts.
They said we have recovered crafts that are not from this world.
Is that exactly what they said?
Hold it up. Pull that, pull that up. That exact quote from.
Sketch Pentagon actually. Um, that was, uh,
the guy from Vegas, the guy from Nevada. What is his name? Um,
the Zia Senator from Nevada. Harry Reed. Yeah.
Pentagon former contractor was the one that said, oh, you're thinking.
Of a yes. Yeah. You thinking of, uh,
he's got an aerospace business out there that.
Was, uh, funded in part by, uh, taxpayer money that, uh,
it was a sort of a pet project of Harry Reid's in a sense. Um,
I'm struggling to remember the guy's name.
I should remember it because we we've talked about it. Um, no, no.
Um, aerospace buddy of Harry.
Reid's. Can we Google that? The skin Walker ranch guy? No, no.
This is, uh, this guy is, they've actually still got a business.
He's still developing it right now. I think what he's trying to do is develop,
um, um, portable, um, living. Yeah. That is a skin.
Walker ranch guy is right. Yeah. That is the guy. Yeah. Yeah.
I know who you're talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The name's on the tip of my tongue.
I know. Um, but if he's the one who said it, then yeah,
it doesn't come from the government. They, they, you know, that a tip,
which is at a advanced aeronautical threat identification program. I mean,
I think the most interesting thing that the government has come out and said is
that, yes, we did have a,
we did have an operation within the Pentagon and office within the Pentagon.
I've taught, you know, that was there to identify an
identified, uh, threats. Right. So we get something up in the air and,
and we can't identify. It's like the tick tock, uh, the tic-tac, um,
sightings by.
David Fravor. Yeah.
David Fravor for anybody who wants to, who's interested in this,
please listen to him on the Lex Friedman podcast. Cause I had him on,
but I had him on with Jeremy Corbell who's the,
the documentarian behind that Rob Bazaar,
Bob was our movie and by himself Fravor and
Lex, they get deep into the technical specifications of their
aircraft and why he believes that no known
aircraft could have ever operated the way it is.
And also how it was blocking their tracking devices,
which is technically it's an act of war. But also it showed that it was an,
it was aware of them.
Very credible. I mean, he's extremely credible. He's, he's a good guy. Uh,
I've talked to him, uh, a handful of times have sat and reviewed the, the, uh,
the gun camera footage with him as he's walked through it. Very credible.
Right. So that was of,
that was a perfect example of why they had set up a tip right within the
Pentagon. Um, apparently not funded anymore as an,
as an operating office. Cause they probably.
That they can't tell you about because that one got out there,
they close it down. That's a New York times.
That is what they do. Right. Well.
I mean, Hey, your reallocate, the, you know, it's all on the budgets,
which is again, kind of why we do this,
this show for a science general black falls, because we're,
we're chasing the bus. Finally got to that.
I know, right. I know I got like.
Two other promos to do. I haven't even touched yet,
so I can help people are thinking, wow, he's really slow this time. Uh,
but yeah, if you follow the money, it's like an investigation, right?
If you not so much follow me, but if you,
if you start pulling on those threads around budgets or, uh,
it's like with investigation and asset tracing, you know, getting,
getting bank records is absolutely key. If you can, you know, legally, uh,
get them, uh, during the course of an investigation. But, um, uh, with,
with military operations, oftentimes those, you know,
those budgets for the most interesting, uh,
projects and operational elements get buried into something else.
That's just the way it works. Right.
And so that's where you maintain secrecy to maintain secrecy, but that's,
that's, it's, you know, so it's, it's an exercise and, and we don't, you know,
obviously with blackfellas,
we don't identify anything that's currently classified because we'd all end up
in, in the who's gal. But, uh, yeah, we, uh,
we're looking at some pretty interesting things and, and it's, and it speaks to,
um, where programs are going currently. Right?
You look at some things in the recent past and you say, okay,
this is where this new development is heading. Yeah. And.
Isn't it, it's there, it's an interesting conversation too,
because for people that don't like secrecy and they don't think we should have
secrecy for national security and for the development of things,
you know, like the stealth bomber,
like a lot of other things that show that we have male
military superiority over our,
our enemies it's important dev secrecy. Oh wait.
Yeah, absolutely. You can't, you can't function, uh,
as a secure and safe and lasting a Republic without it. Right.
There's just no way now, you know, people will say, oh,
we should have transparency around everything. No, no, you gotta draw the line.
You, you gotta, you, you, you, you want to not over do it. Right. So you want.
To, that's where I was going to get to do it part, but.
You've got it. You've got to have the ability to protect sources and methods.
You've had to have a sort of a need to know policy around certain things, right.
Within, um, national security concerns and the alternate, uh,
intelligence community. Um, but yeah, again, it's, it,
it can be used as a weapon, you know, you can over again, overdo it. Uh, and,
but if you don't.
Have security, you don't have the Manhattan project, right? No abs absolutely.
Yeah. We don't, I mean, you don't have many things.
That they think about, you think about, um.
China, look at this, I'm a,
now I'm deep into the show and I'm just now bashing China for their theft of
economic, uh, economic intelligence. But you look at the,
the effort that they make in terms of stealing our intellectual property and
research and development, right. I mean,
the idea that you don't protect your most critical information,
whether it's operationally important or whether it's just, again,
R and D for development of, of, of, uh, of materials and,
and that speaks to the strength of your economy and, and, uh, you know, so yes,
certain things have to be kept secret. Um, but again,
you can over classify things which tends to happen, right.
It tends to just because you're trying to protect everything, right.
So I'm just going to over classify and, and that also creates a problem then.
So, you know, trying to strike a balance, it's a human endeavor,
so you never really get it. Right, right. I don't think.
But, well, this is where people feel like the line when it,
when it comes to alien spacecrafts.
And if the government knows and is aware of alien spacecrafts and alien
technology,
this is where the line of secrecy and being swarmed oath,
where it crosses over into a need to know for the general public Bob,
our story,
the story about him working for S for he was a physicist for Los
Alamos labs. That's been proven. He was on the employee list. There.
He also was listed in a newspaper article when he put a jet engine in a
Honda, um, that he was a, uh, uh,
a physicist at Los Alamos labs. And he was a propulsion expert,
says he worked for area S four and says he was hired to back engineer
UFO's and says,
they never could figure out how these things worked and that they were never
going to because they really couldn't because they were trying to keep
everything secret.
They couldn't share all this information with the general scientific community.
And he's like, science doesn't work in these containment, bubbles,
you can't compartmentalize science and have only the, the,
these a few small propulsion experts sit around and try to figure this thing
out. And then they fire and bring new guys in and no one ever gets it. Right.
Which.
Is what you can use against. I mean, if I'm, if I'm trying to, uh,
pull information out of, of, uh, of, uh, uh, another nation, right.
If I'm targeting intelligence from,
and they're developing some new ballistic missile system or whatever it is,
propulsion system, then yes, I'm going to,
I'm going to play off of that desire on the part of engineers and scientists to
have a collaborative community. Right. And that's,
and that the Chinese do that very well. Right. They,
in particularly when they target, uh,
Chinese Americans working here in the U S and in potentially sensitive
positions, you know, this idea that we're all working together, you know,
and w this is, this is just what we should be doing. Um, you know, we've done.
Um, my, my, my company has done a work trying to protect, um,
information for, um, companies, pharmaceutical companies.
This is a good example where the scientists, the engineers,
the doctors need that free flow in their mind.
They gotta have this free flow in this,
this collaborating in this sharing of information. And meanwhile,
you got the other side, you know, where the, the,
the bean counters and security personnel and all that, and they're going like,
no, this is the lifeblood of our company. We can't risk losing this information.
So we've got to lock it down to the degree. We can.
Those two things don't necessarily coexist all that well together,
but you got to try to find some, some medium. So, um, yeah, I think,
you know, there's the, the S the, the, the,
the fact that the government came out and talked about a tip,
I thought it was a big step. Right. That's a big deal for them. Right. I mean,
that, that, uh, they would discuss that.
Do I think that they're hiding things? I, you know, again,
I don't take anything. I wouldn't take anything off the table. Right. Frankly,
because I don't know. Uh, so it would be, it would be, uh, you know,
stupid of me to say, no, they definitely,
aren't holding onto some propulsion system that, you know,
isn't of this world or whatever. I don't know it.
I can't say absolutely not. Um, but wouldn't.
You want to know though? Oh, sure. Yeah. Yeah. But how you, I mean, you know,
what are you doing? I mean, Greece, a few palms.
That it, yeah. Yeah. I want to see it.
Man. I guess you could do that. I let the government know right now. Listen.
Yeah. I'll say a lot of. That's not true. Just get me to the UFO's.
Show me the UFO's a lot. Gosh. Yeah, no,
it's it is. It's not true. I'm like, I'll.
Tell you right now. Don't tell me they're lying. Because if you tell me,
I'm telling everybody.
Yeah, look, they know that I'm sure they.
Know. They know that they're writing it down right now, whatever happens,
happens, but.
It's two bad episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify.
That's right. They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere. But after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.